all right let's talk about the samsung
note 20 ultra this is their
premium flagship super phone right now
it's packed to the gills with features
it's got that 120 hertz screen that new
upgraded s pen
and it's got this 50x zoom now the image
quality isn't fantastic right but this
is the kind of stuff you need to do
when you want to get this far away and
this wide
from your smartphone it's pretty nuts i
gotta get out of the sun
because it is so hot
oh my god so what
so i've been using the note 20 ultra for
about five days now and there's some
kind of early thoughts i have about this
phone i want to share with you guys
this is the nicest looking phone that
samsung has made in my opinion there's
something about the finish on this thing
so normally samsung does like the super
glossy finish
they have this really nice matte texture
that i think is better than anyone
else's matte texture
this is a really nice look and there's
also
it's such a simple design element but
this simple ring around each lens makes
such a big difference in how it looks
like this is a very similar
shape and size of camera hump to the s20
ultra let's say but this looks so much
better in my opinion
those rings are on point now
here's the here's the downside to this
phone it is
a huge camera hump you got case this
phone like the bump is
what feels like three and a half maybe
four millimeters it is a big bump
and if you don't case it i feel like
this hump is gonna catch on
a lot of things like when i put this
thing in and out of my pocket i can
notice
that hump like it's just that pronounced
which is a shame right because the
moment you case this thing
it masks the like it masks this this is
the thing that makes it look so good the
back glass of it
but that's the nature of a beautiful
phone
with a massive camera hump now the
camera itself
my initial impressions of this thing is
that it's a really solid camera this
year
it's got that 50x zoom i don't think
that most people are gonna be using this
thing on a regular basis like that kind
of zoom is
tough to actually make proper use of but
it's got that capability if you need it
it's also interesting that they got rid
of the 100x zoom like the one from the
s20 ultra
i would have thought they would have
carried that tech over to this thing but
50x is already really good and i think
the image quality on this is what
they're focusing on this time around
now the screen this is a display that is
it's the best in class right this you
know 120 hertz
1440p this is the screen of dreams it's
very fast it's fluid
it's super bright great colors this is a
flagship screen
it does however still have curved edges
i mean samsung likes to do that on their
premium flagships they curve the edges
of the glass which i personally don't
love
the regular note 20 like the non-ultra
version has
a flat glass but that's a whole other
conversation uh but yeah if you're into
curved screens
you're gonna like this one the
performance on the phone is excellent
like you'd imagine right it feels very
fast and games run nicely on it the note
20 launch event also showcased
the upcoming xbox cloud gaming service
i'm very excited for that thing
but the note doesn't get first dibs on
that platform or anything they're just a
launch partner
all right the pen has also been upgraded
this year to have a more responsive
interface so it's now running with nine
milliseconds of
latency it's a very responsive screen
and pen interface
but here's the thing when it comes to
pens and
phones i don't feel like liency is a
huge deal like when it comes to creative
work like
tablets and people are drawing on that
stuff absolutely the lower the latency
the better
i want one millisecond i want zero
milliseconds but when it comes to this
stuff
people are just using the pen on their
phones for jotting down notes and i i
don't feel like it's a big deal
i'm not saying that it's not good that
they put it in but if you're interested
in the note 20 like the cheaper version
of this note 20 series like the regular
note 20 not the ultra
that has a latency time of 26
milliseconds which is a lot slower than
the nine on the note 20 ultra
but i don't think that should be like
the main reason why you should purchase
one or the other because it is just
for note-taking for most people just
keep that in mind uh so i want to talk
about pricing and i feel like
the conversation around the note 20s at
like both the ultra and the regular one
revolve strongly around the pricing and
here's the thing if this thing was a 500
phone so many people would buy this
phone right because it's just packed
with so much good stuff
but because it's not it's a 1300 phone
we have to have the conversation of
price
now this is a phone that has always been
one of samsung's most expensive phones
and they usually get a pass into
charging whatever they want to charge
because there's not many other companies
that make something quite like this if
you want like a high quality
big phone with a pen that slots right
inside it usually people go for the note
now this year at 1300 i feel like it's
an appropriately priced product like
it's not crazily overpriced right
considering the pricing of the entire
smartphone market
but there is a brother to this like the
1 000
regular note 20 that's been somewhat
controversial because it's so feature
stripped
and it has a plastic back and it still
costs a thousand dollars but here's my
take on it to me that phone feels
it feels overpriced but here's the thing
when it comes to samsung's phones
they price their stuff a little bit
differently right
their stuff goes on sale so often and so
aggressively and i feel like they
bake that kind of sale pricing into
their
retail pricing on these phones like
these phones come out at these
very high prices like thirteen hundred
dollars a thousand dollars they're
expensive but samsung stuff
it just goes on sale and if you don't
have these high msrps right at the
beginning
you don't have that wiggle room down the
line right when it comes to like holiday
sales and
whatever carrier sales that companies do
i feel like samsung bakes that into
their phone so
if you really want the stuff early on
and you want to get like you know
you want to be an early adopter to this
tech you got to pay up right but i think
for most people
if you let this stuff wait let it simmer
for a month or two it comes down in
price pretty quickly
so yes that thousand dollar samsung note
20 is
weirdly overpriced but i think it'll
come down quite quickly and i think that
product particularly the note 20
not so much the ultra but that note 20 i
think is going to come down a lot
over the course of this year but yeah my
early impressions of this phone are
really good
i think that this is the nicest looking
phone that samsung has put out to date
like look at this thing it doesn't even
look like a real phone
it looks like a render floating around
my hand it's so nice
but that wraps up my first impressions
of this thing i'll be doing a more
extensive review
in the near future so you have any
particular questions just ask them below
and i'll do my best
to get to them okay hope you guys
enjoyed this one thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it i'll see you guys
next time